Do you know what the concept of red light is?
The last time red light was detected
Or the peerless double pride 30 years ago
You are talking about Lin Yuanzhou and Hua Wuji.
I can't believe you know. Okay, let's get started
Su Ya, please take the stage to demonstrate
10,000 combat power
One against a hundred
But if you want to be elected Heaven Dou God General
The combat power value must exceed one million
million
It is amazing that an ordinary general can have 10,000
Heaven Dou God General actually wants to start with millions
We mortals should not be embarrassed on stage
Which of you will come first?
Blue Light Bashan Chrysanthemum Top
invincible
Occupation 100,000
Hum, my good brother.
I didn't expect you to be away from home for so many years
Still so lame
This light sweeps one side
Dominate the world
Million wow
Diehard
The second cousin is indeed the proud son of the dragon
The quota of this Heaven Dou God General
So there's no question.
Hahaha, there is still one place.
Why don't Zhou Gongzi also fight
No kidding.
How can I hate my second cousin?
If I could have a million soldiers
What effect am I still doing here?
It seems that this election conference can end early
No one should want to check again
Lord Feng Minghou
Since my second cousin is expected to return
Then you can declare jealousy
Don't be too happy.
He Wang Zhongxi wants you